Your Majesty has just received the secret treasure
The Third Prince went to Xiangye
I personally picked up the emperor's direction disciple
It's on its way back now.
The direction disciple tomorrow will be the one who will give me the expert
The father emperor attaches so much importance to these three princes
Suddenly attentive to pick up someone
Absolutely ghosts
OK, I see.
You can leave first.
He dared to kiss me
Princess, what are you doing?
You don't know
This crayfish
The shell is highly toxic
The fingers are red and swollen when the juice comes out.
It will fester in more than three days
I'm checking the situation for the princess.
Poisonous why don't you say
Well, the imperial concubine is heavier in front of the rich woman
Why didn't you say hi to me in advance?
OK
Elephants don't have chili peppers, this is a tribute from other countries
They haven't tasted it.
I really didn't know that eating spicy food would cause redness and swelling
Huang Fei, your lips are red and swollen
It must be quite poisoned
Nonsense, I feel fine
Let go let go
This is the emperor's bedroom. Do you want to die?